fix `isClicked` prop in ResponseActions component (#579)
patternfly/chatbot: packages/module/patternfly-docs/content/extensions/chatbot/examples/Messages/Messages.md

```

> ### Message actions click state

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Message actions clicked state
```

> The `isClicked` boolean property within each action's configuration object allows you to define which button should be initially highlighted or active when the `<ResponseActions>` component first renders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can apply a clicked state to message actions, to convey that the action has previously been selected.

To define which message response action should show a clicked state when the `<ResponseActions>` component first renders, use the `isClicked` boolean property within each action's configuration object.
```

> - Initial Activation:
>   - You can set `isClicked: true` for any action within your actions configuration to make that button appear active by default.
>   - The `<ResponseActions>` component is designed to ensure that only one button can be visually active at any given time.
>   - If you Unintentionally set `isClicked: true` for multiple buttons in your actions config, the component will apply a predefined internal precedence order to resolve the conflict. The button encountered first in this order will be activated, and others will be ignored for initial activation. The default precedence is: positive, negative, copy, share, listen, followed by any other custom actions (in object key order).
> - Runtime Interaction Overrides:
> 
>   - Once the component has rendered, user interactions (button clicks) will take precedence over the initial isClicked prop.
>   - Clicking a button will activate it (and deactivate any other active button).
> 
> - The `isDisabled` boolean property within each action's configuration object allows you to control whether a button is interactive or not.
> 
> **Note:** The logic for the actions is not built into the component and must be implemented by the consuming application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make an action button appear active by default, set `isClicked: true`. Only 1 action can be visually active at any given time.

If you unintentionally set `isClicked: true` for multiple buttons, the component will apply a predefined internal precedence order to resolve the conflict. The button encountered first in this order will be displayed as clicked, while other buttons will sustain their default appearance. The default precedence of button actions is: "positive", "negative", "copy", "share", "listen", followed by any other custom actions (in object key order).
  
Once the component has rendered, user interactions will take precedence over the initial `isClicked` prop. Clicking a button will activate it and deactivate any other active button. The `isDisabled` prop for each action button specifies if a button is interactive or not.
```
